Add option for enabling Wayland support by environment variable (#52)
flathub/org.jitsi.jitsi-meet: README.md

----------

Flatpak wrapper around the official Jitsi Meet desktop application - https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron

## Wayland support

Jitsi Meet's Wayland support is currently experimental, and some features like screensharing are broken.

> Wayland support can be enabled by setting `JITSI_USE_WAYLAND=1` in [Flatseal](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal). It can also be enabled on the command line, like so:

Reviewer: This line feels a bit odd, I'd suggest writing it something more like this, to be more clear about what's being done - and less like Flatseal is a required component.

```suggestion
Wayland support can be enabled by setting the environment variable `JITSI_USE_WAYLAND=1` either using [Flatseal](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal), or the command line, like so:
```

> ayland support can be enabled by setting the environment variable `JITSI_USE_WAYLAND=1` either using [Flatseal](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal), or the command line, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wayland support can be enabled by setting the environment variable `JITSI_USE_WAYLAND=1` either using [Flatseal](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal), or the command line, like so:
```

```
$ flatpak override --user --env=JITSI_USE_WAYLAND=1 org.jitsi.jitsi-meet

> ```

Reviewer: Might also be interesting to show a single run with this, something like;
`$ flatpak run --env=JITSI_USE_WAYLAND=1 org.jitsi.jitsi-meet`
